in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong .
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .
it 's just filler .
a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments .
makes for some truly odd , at times confusing , kids entertainment ... but at least this time there 's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff .
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .
samira makhmalbaf 's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it 's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities .
it 's as if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .
my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it 's virtually its own hollywood remake .
over age 15 ?
a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .
it 's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .
macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs ... brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there 's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .
while much of the cast has charm -- especially allodi and nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film 's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy .
neither parker nor donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula .
as ` chick flicks ' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .
this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of ` there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world .
but it could have been worse .
although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .
in all , this is a watchable movie that 's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .
the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .
detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba .
there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked .
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .
an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .
while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious .
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .
on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed .
not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted .
you wo n't miss its messages , but you 'll be entertained as well .
seldahl 's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .
here 's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep .
while the stoically delivered hokum of hart 's war is never fun , it 's still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-saving private ryan tributes to the greatest generation .
jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot .
new best friend 's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous .
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .
what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .
the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others .
dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation .
people cinema at its finest .
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .
exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise .
paid in full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palma 's scarface .
there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .
all in all , the count of monte cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based .
it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows . '
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .
this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing .
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize .
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .
this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash .
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .
unfortunately , it appears that -lrb- jackie -rrb- chan 's us influence is starting to show in his hong kong films .
one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .
it 's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .
awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another ` spectacular spectacle . '
one long string of cliches .
and just when you think it ca n't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane .
the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it 's actually pretty good in the first few minutes .
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal ca n't disguise the fact that , really , we 've been here , done that .
not for the prurient or squeamish , it 's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics .
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .
` de niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
... a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .
that dogged good will of the parents and ` vain ' jia 's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums .
the kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated .
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
this disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget .
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .
-lrb- majidi -rrb- makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day .
while -lrb- hill -rrb- has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .
better to just call it abc kiarostami .
huppert 's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face .
visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .
this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .
i just loved every minute of this film .
broomfield turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help clear up the case .
it 's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it 's brilliant .
it 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up .